README.md, before:

<div>
  <h1 align="center"><a href="https://www.epicweb.dev/workshops">Workshop Title 🎃</a></h1>
  <strong>
    Workshop subtitle
  </strong>
  <p>
    Workshop summary
  </p>
</div>

<hr />

<div align="center">
  <a
    alt="Epic Web logo with the words Deployed Version"
    href="https://epicweb-dev-workshop-template.fly.dev/"
  >
    <img
      width="300px"
      src="https://github-production-user-asset-6210df.s3.amazonaws.com/1500684/254000390-447a3559-e7b9-4918-947a-1b326d239771.png"
    />
  </a>
</div>

<hr />

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
[![Build Status][build-badge]][build]
[![GPL 3.0 License][license-badge]][license]
[![Code of Conduct][coc-badge]][coc]
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

## Prerequisites

- TODO: add prerequisites
- Some
- Pre-requisite
- links
- here

## Pre-workshop Resources

Here are some resources you can read before taking the workshop to get you up to
speed on some of the tools and concepts we'll be covering:

- TODO: add resources

## System Requirements

- [git][git] v2.18 or greater
- [NodeJS][node] v18 or greater
- [npm][npm] v8 or greater

All of these must be available in your `PATH`. To verify things are set up
properly, you can run this:

```shell
git --version
node --version
npm --version
```

If you have trouble with any of these, learn more about the PATH environment
variable and how to fix it here for [windows][win-path] or
[mac/linux][mac-path].

## Setup

Use the Epic Workshop CLI to get this setup:

```sh nonumber
npx --yes epicshop@latest add workshop-template
```

If you experience errors here, please open [an issue][issue] with as many
details as you can offer.

## The Workshop App

Learn all about the workshop app on the
[Epic Web Getting Started Guide](https://www.epicweb.dev/get-started).

[![Kent with the workshop app in the background](https://github-production-user-asset-6210df.s3.amazonaws.com/1500684/280407082-0e012138-e01d-45d5-abf2-86ffe5d03c69.png)](https://www.epicweb.dev/get-started)

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
[npm]: https://www.npmjs.com/
[node]: https://nodejs.org
[git]: https://git-scm.com/
[build-badge]: https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/epicweb-dev/workshop-template/validate.yml?branch=main&logo=github&style=flat-square
[build]: https://github.com/epicweb-dev/workshop-template/actions?query=workflow%3Avalidate
[license-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GPL%203.0%20License-blue.svg?style=flat-square
[license]: https://github.com/epicweb-dev/workshop-template/blob/main/LICENSE
[coc-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20of-conduct-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square
[coc]: https://kentcdodds.com/conduct
[win-path]: https://www.howtogeek.com/118594/how-to-edit-your-system-path-for-easy-command-line-access/
[mac-path]: http://stackoverflow.com/a/24322978/971592
[issue]: https://github.com/epicweb-dev/workshop-template/issues/new
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

Commit message:

Introduce comprehensive instructor documentation for building Epic Workshops with AI agents.
Co-authored-by: me <me@kentcdodds.com>

README.md, after:

<div>
  <h1 align="center"><a href="https://www.epicweb.dev/workshops">Workshop Title 🎃</a></h1>
  <strong>
    Workshop subtitle
  </strong>
  <p>
    Workshop summary
  </p>
</div>

<hr />

<div align="center">
  <a
    alt="Epic Web logo with the words Deployed Version"
    href="https://epicweb-dev-workshop-template.fly.dev/"
  >
    <img
      width="300px"
      src="https://github-production-user-asset-6210df.s3.amazonaws.com/1500684/254000390-447a3559-e7b9-4918-947a-1b326d239771.png"
    />
  </a>
</div>

<hr />

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
[![Build Status][build-badge]][build]
[![GPL 3.0 License][license-badge]][license]
[![Code of Conduct][coc-badge]][coc]
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

## Creating Workshops with AI Agents

This template includes comprehensive documentation for creating workshops using
AI agents. See the [`instructor/`](./instructor/) directory for guides on:

- Workshop planning and scoping
- Exercise design patterns
- MDX content formatting
- Testing and validation
- Best practices from successful workshops

To create a new workshop, tell an AI agent:

> "I want to create an Epic Workshop about [YOUR TOPIC]. Please read the
> instructor documentation and help me build it out."

## Prerequisites

- TODO: add prerequisites
- Some
- Pre-requisite
- links
- here

## Pre-workshop Resources

Here are some resources you can read before taking the workshop to get you up to
speed on some of the tools and concepts we'll be covering:

- TODO: add resources

## System Requirements

- [git][git] v2.18 or greater
- [NodeJS][node] v18 or greater
- [npm][npm] v8 or greater

All of these must be available in your `PATH`. To verify things are set up
properly, you can run this:

```shell
git --version
node --version
npm --version
```

If you have trouble with any of these, learn more about the PATH environment
variable and how to fix it here for [windows][win-path] or
[mac/linux][mac-path].

## Setup

Use the Epic Workshop CLI to get this setup:

```sh nonumber
npx --yes epicshop@latest add workshop-template
```

If you experience errors here, please open [an issue][issue] with as many
details as you can offer.

## The Workshop App

Learn all about the workshop app on the
[Epic Web Getting Started Guide](https://www.epicweb.dev/get-started).

[![Kent with the workshop app in the background](https://github-production-user-asset-6210df.s3.amazonaws.com/1500684/280407082-0e012138-e01d-45d5-abf2-86ffe5d03c69.png)](https://www.epicweb.dev/get-started)

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
[npm]: https://www.npmjs.com/
[node]: https://nodejs.org
[git]: https://git-scm.com/
[build-badge]: https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/epicweb-dev/workshop-template/validate.yml?branch=main&logo=github&style=flat-square
[build]: https://github.com/epicweb-dev/workshop-template/actions?query=workflow%3Avalidate
[license-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GPL%203.0%20License-blue.svg?style=flat-square
[license]: https://github.com/epicweb-dev/workshop-template/blob/main/LICENSE
[coc-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20of-conduct-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square
[coc]: https://kentcdodds.com/conduct
[win-path]: https://www.howtogeek.com/118594/how-to-edit-your-system-path-for-easy-command-line-access/
[mac-path]: http://stackoverflow.com/a/24322978/971592
[issue]: https://github.com/epicweb-dev/workshop-template/issues/new
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->
